hi I'm George and today I'm joined by
franca hi today I'm gonna show you one
of my favorite looks for the moment
that's wasted braids which is really in
fashion it becomes even more refined
with some little tricks and the right
products you can make it really easily
by yourself at home the only thing you
need is a calm some hair pins elastic
band and of course a dry shampoo and the
hairspray for the finishing a dry
shampoo will help you to give a little
bit roughness in the hair so you can
braid it easier first of all you take it
part just behind your ear all the way
through to the other side then just take
a plastic clip and fix the hair from the
back before using the dry shampoo just
shake it really well just take the whole
part from the left side and bring it all
the way to the right use the calm if you
have little flyaways you just use the
hairspray to bend them you take one part
from the front to the back around two
centimetres thick and you separate in
the middle then you start twisting it
with always from the left to the right
left to the right and then you twist the
two braids together so once again you
take apart you twist the hair from the
left to the right and then the two
pieces together from the right to the
left
once again you take a piece you twist it
and then two ones together so you bend
every piece into the braid into the
twisted braid now you keep going on you
taking a piece from the rest of the hair
you twist it and then put the other
piece make sure that you take all your
hair at the end you just twist the two
pieces against each other the tighter
you twist it the better it holds a good
hairspray such as the shine and hold
from sires will give you a good hold and
also an extra shine and then put it in
place with a hairband
so franca what do you think Wow amazing
I knew you would like it now I'm going
to show you a variation that I really
like a lot the fishbone braid the only
thing you do you just keep this whole
element undo the braid and you just fix
it behind the ear and here you go you
separate the ponytail into equal pieces
simply gather a smaller strength from
one piece and cross it to the other
piece and you repeat the one from the
other side as well
you take one piece from the outside
bringing it inside bringing it to the
other piece and again you take one piece
from the outside bringing in giving it
to the other hand connecting it with the
left piece you take a piece from the
left side giving it to the right piece
and you keep doing it until the braid is
done you take one piece from one half
you cross it over and you give it to the
other half
so once you come to the end you just fix
it with an elastic once you fix it you
can just loosen the braid up to give a
little bit more fullness hold and shine
spraying will give some nice shine to
your braid try it at home and after some
practice you can easily do it yourself
so franca what do you think wow that's
my favorite I like it also Lord